The
pig couple was taking a nap in the field.
The husband's pig woke up and went to his wife's pig.
The dream I'm having now is a scary dream.
I and you were killed and the
pig couple was taken to the pig farm.
The pig couple was taken to the pig farm.
They were killed and raised in the farm.
The pig couple was surprised and saw the situation.
The place where they had been sleeping was in the cabbage field.
But we humans don't take a nap.
We live in a comfortable and comfortable life.
We have to work for it.
When I walk around the town,
I see people selling treasure chests.
How about it, everyone?
How about a million yen chest for a fun house?
A million yen for just 30 yen.
I'm sure it'll hit.
If it's going to hit, I think you should buy it.
I don't think I buy it much.
A beautiful woman passes by.
She wears a purple kimono.
The purple kimono has a pattern of a hundred-person poem.
On the back, the old-fashioned city of Miyako,
I wonder if I'll smell it today at the bottom of the mountain.
I don't think it's going to hit.
It's good to be beautiful.
It's good to go to the bath, but it's not good.
First of all, I'm worried about losing things.
When you go to the bath, you need a selfish mind.
Even if you lose your own body,
you don't want to eliminate your own body.
Hey, you're going to the bath, so get your body out.
I'm going to take care of the one who can't be taken out.
If you want to go home, you're a woman.
I'm going to go to the music club so that I don't have to do that.
Hey, hey, I'm not going in there.
Uncle, hey, I'm going in.
Thank you.
Hey!
Hello, hello, I'm not a movie theater.
I'm sorry. Hello, hello,
Uncle, this is the women's bath.
Please wait over there.
What? Is that all right?
It's not enough. This is a problem.
Yes, thank you.
It was 90 yen. Thank you.
Please come again.
What?
The person over there, who's looking at me and raising his hand.
I don't think you've received any money yet.
Even so, please.
Even so, you can't joke around like this.
I don't think you've received any money.
Besides, there's no way I'm going to give you a fish.
If you don't eat it, please.
Hey, you're going to get caught.
I'm going to get caught? Do you do it every day?
What do you mean I do it every day?
I've been doing it for three years.
I think a great person is coming to my house.